today we are talking about this
beautiful camera right handy GoPro fine
I use this a lot on a recent trip to
Belize and all of you guys have
questions about it after seeing footage
from this action sports GoPro camera I
still have my earplugs in my ears whole
side note I love you so much the amazing
that I am talking about today is how you
make GoPro footage not look like GoPro
put it in a sense of it being very fish
eyed and GoPro looking so I'm going to
give you four Pro tips in order to
accomplish this first order of business
is to turn pro tune on this is your
image much more flat and a little bit
less saturated number two turn sharpness
to medium it is automatically set to
high which makes the footage look very
just like ugly sharp not pretty sharp we
set it to medium you can always sharpen
it up in post but I have found that
medium is a good sweet spot
noria is probably the most important
thing you can do you want to change
these stills of view option to medium it
is automatically set to wide which makes
that fish eye look because it's saying
okay I'm going to capture all of this
when you set it to medium it narrows
down the angle which makes it look like
a normal camera like I'm shooting on a
foot shoot or a 35-millimeter live like
on a DSLR or something
the final step is to record and 24
frames per second for normal video
whether you're talking or don't went
into slow motion when your final video
between four frames per second that
allow kind of the most natural motions
were asked what our eyes see so some
people record in 30 frames per second
I prefer 24 frames
I just looks better in my eyes now if
you're recording like super fast action
footage or recording a cheetah running
through a wherever cheetahs run through
then you want to record a higher frame
rate such as 60 frames per second you
can really capture that motion what that
means if you want to do slow motion you
would record 60 frames per second and
slow it down 40% in post where if you
recorded in 120 frames per second which
you can do on the GoPro you would slow
that down 20% in post so your final
product is 24 frames per second map and
you have all of those things you are
going to be left with the image that
looks very similar to other cameras and
not that kind of disparate fisheye view
that you get from a lot of GoPro sis now
of course you probably want to do a
little bit of color correction because
this image is more flat than normal but
that means you have more control over
what your footage looks like in post
instead of letting the GoPro decide for
you this is my first time using the
GoPro Hero black recently I had the 0-3
black soap so many things have changed
since then and I kind of want to maybe
give it a little bit of a review now
that we've reached the second half of
the video if you're only here to figure
out how to make your GoPro footage look
a little bit let's go pro thank you for
joining me make sure is that like and
subscribe buttons a blog that vlogs and
creative entrepreneurial content and
what type reviews and all I do I do all
of the things I feel like I also link in
the description below some my favorite
GoPro Hero accessories and how I do what
I do with my GoPro anyways moving on at
first I need to show you this sweatshirt
but someone sent me there peaches if
you're new around here my name is Sarah
deechi grams of peachy
hence the PG stuff so thank you
subscriber person Internet family homie
for sending me this asked you guys on
Twitter maybe some things that you would
want to know about the new GoPro Hero 5
a lot of you apps
isn't worth the upgrade from v3 or from
before the biggest difference is the
fact that not only does the 5 have a
built-in screen to be back but you don't
have to have a waterproof case to use it
this is the GoPro camera and you just
use this so you can dip this in the
water and everything is waterproof you
don't have had a case that is a big deal
because I used to have a lot of issues
with fog when you have the camera in a
case sometimes with para fogs up and it
makes for a lame image so I have really
enjoyed the fact that decision to
Cameron you don't have to worry about a
waterproof case that simplifies the
process of filming with a GoPro so I
never actually not a big fan of is the
touchscreen you know this is a tiny
screen you got to be able to do a lot
with retouching I meant being able to
navigate to the news just via the button
because I'm in use for GoPro and
whenever I need to capture footage in
water or around water in if this GoPro
if your finger is at all wet
good luck changing the settings you're
just not going to be able to because
that shrink doesn't work
I'd be like Charen chillin in the boat
chillin in the water I want to change
frame rates or something and I would get
frustrated and it wouldn't happen and it
would just it would just make me upset
and sad so big changes are the touch
screens not having to use a water
housing and number three is the
low-light capabilities the last GoPro I
had was b3 holy cow if it wasn't perfect
and sunny outside it would be so grainy
the low
capabilities of it was just terrible and
this thing actually rules in low light
but is it a big deal for you it really
wasn't the deal for me because whenever
I use the GoPro it was out in the Sun
the battery life is actually fantastic
on this thing I use only one battery for
a entire day of snorkeling which is
pretty crazy so I know this video helps
you take your GoPro footage to that next
level and also help you out if you're
thinking about upgrading they pump out
GoPros like nobody's business so I
really don't think you have to upgrade
every single time because you know my
last one was the three and then I
decided to upgrade to the time and I'm
pleased with with my choice but there
are some caveats with the new camera but
there's a lot of upsides to so let me
know if you like this video subscribe
button down below if you have not yet
remember all the links are in the
description below stay PG fans okay bye
also I forgot to mention if you want to
see a bo-breeze blog where you see this
GoPro footage and editing in action you
can click right here and also if you
want to see all the gear and all the
camera gear that I brought through the
leaves in my travel camera bag you can
click right here and then right here to
subscribe okay bye